[6 Months Ago]
[Ichika Kogo]
Are you dead?
Gido?
- Gido?
- Did you hope I'd be?
[Ayumi Gido]
Watch the rear.
I've had it.
I'm rebooting. Pull a fast one on me,
and your sister's dead.
Or would you rather just kill me now?
Go on.
And make myself the prime suspect? No, thank you.
Smart move.
I knew you were a bright gal, Ichika.
Stew these birds for me, will you?
They nearly pecked me to death.
Do it yourself.
You know I'm a terrible cook.
Come on, aren't I your sweetheart?
[Present Day]
Thank you, come again.
[Hayase Patisserie]
[Riku Hayase]
[Happy Birthday Mom!]
- How does that look?
- Perfect.
- Great.
- Thank you for your patronage.
Thanks for always dropping by, Mizuki.
[Takumi Hayase]
Sure. Mom loves the cakes here, after all.
- Mrs. Hinako's turning... 38 this year?
- Yup.
- Okay.
- You have a great memory.
Here's your cake.
- Thank you.
- Give our regards to your mother.
We can... fix that.
Takumi, grab me four pieces
of Hayase Shortcakes.
On it.
[Hayase Shortcakes]
There you go.
- But the money...
- Don't sweat it, these were leftovers. Right?
Yup. The usual leftovers.
- Thanks.
- Anytime.
- Come again.
- Bye bye.
- And be careful, alright?
- I will!
- Nice work, Dad.
- Just don't tell your grandma.
This is a business. You need the money!
[Ryoko Hayase]
Mom, not when Takumi's around.
Expenses are only rising,
yet you keep the same price.
We're barely making a profit as is!
I only hope you'll make
the business prosper, Takumi.
Sorry, but I'm becoming a Youtuber.
Then spread our name with your videos!
I want us to become big,
like Cozy Corner and Fujiya.
Unlike your selfless father here.
Now get studying, alright?
You've got your smarts from your mother,
so go on and major in finance for us.
- Hello there.
- Welcome.
Huh, not bad.
I like the no-frills aesthetic here.
Thank you, sir.
I think I'll get a cream puff.
- You two want one?
- I'd appreciate it, sir.
I think I'll pass.
- Then we'll take two cream puffs.
- Sure thing.
- You can skip the box.
- No, I insist.
Don't bother, it'd only go in the trash.
We're not getting these to-go.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- There.
- Thank you.
It's a cute little thing, ain't it?
Yeah, that's what I'd call a cream puff.
Thank you, sir.
- Say, I've been wondering.
- Yes?
What happens to all your leftovers?
Do they get trashed?
Most don't hold, so unfortunately, yes.
How about sharing them with your family?
I'm sure your wife'd appreciate that.
Natsumi Hayase, right?
She had a real sweet tooth, or so I hear.
The name's Gido. Tokyo Metropolitan Police,
First Investigation Team.
- Likewise, I'm Teramoto.
- Adachi.
A week ago, we unearthed a skeleton
buried on Mount Okutama.
The body's been buried for two years,
with a bullet through the ribs.
We believe the individual was shot,
and abandoned on the mountain.
Why are you telling me all this?
While we were investigating the remains,
we came across a small wallet.
And in it...
We found the license of a "Natsumi Hayase".
That would be your wife, no?
You filed a missing persons report
two and a half years ago.
I'm sorry to say, but we believe the body
is that of your wife.
- Impossible...
- Could you direct us to her dentist?
We'd like to compare her teeth
with that of the body's.
- A used hairbrush would be nice, too.
- Lies!
Sir, calm down.
It's okay.
I'm sure your mother is alive.
You can't give up now.
Us Hayase's are known for being tenacious.
This ring was found
on the body's left ring finger.
We've brought the aforementioned wallet as well.
Please confirm their contents with us.
Thank you.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Hey, those are my candles!
Your father's cakes are the best in the world.
I wouldn't say best in the world, Natsumi.
Then maybe... the best in town?
- Just in town?
- Right.
At least call it the best in Japan.
Happy Birthday, Mom.
[Dear Mom...]
I'm tearing up with joy.
Forensics have gotten back to us.
Her dental records and DNA
are a complete match.
The body is that of Natsumi Hayase.
My condolences, sir.
Takumi, your mother...
has gone to heaven.
- No!
- Taku!
Mom isn't dead. Right, Grandma?
Taku...
What happened to not giving up?
Takumi.
I'm sorry.
This is Chima, from Clearance Law Office, speaking.
You've reached our hotline for debt help.
How may we assist you?
[Flow of Conversation]
Rikka, what say we grab
some barbecue tonight?
- Barbecue?
- If meat's not your thing, how about sushi?
- I'll take you somewhere fancy.
- Sorry sir, I'm capped out today.
[Isamu Kaieda]
"Capped out"?
It means I'm busy. Sorry, sir.
Fine, fine.
[Rikka]
So, how about it?
We've met our 100-case daily quota, sir.
Hey, I'm not talking business.
I'm inviting you out to dinner.
All the other girls were dying to go.
Sorry sir, but I've got work to do.
You're a tough cookie, Machi.
So loyal to your boyfriend.
[Machi]
Then I suppose the rumors are true, eh?
You're Fuyuhashi's sweetheart?
Fuyuhashi and I are family, sir.
Then why not grab dinner with me?
Hello there, team.
It's time to get going, Mr. Kaieda.
Already?
Fine. Talk to you later, Machi.
I really don't think you need to take action, sir.
[Naoto Kiriya]
Bah, it'll serve as a smoke break.
Besides, I've got a reputation to maintain.
Sounds rough.
Shut it.
There.
[Kou Fuyuhashi]
Funeral garb makes you look like a male host.
No male host wears a suit nowadays, sir.
Is that so?
I've heard the rumors, Mr. Kaieda.
And I'd rather you leave my associates be.
Is that what you and Machi gossip about?
How terrifying.
Haven't you learned to respect your elders?
Haven't you learned
to go after women your own age?
Says the guy exploiting youngsters for money.
So what if you're a savior
to some homeless brats.
We're the same breed, you and I.
- Get driving.
- On it.
[Funeral Service: Mrs. Natsumi Hayase]
Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt,
but someone is requesting your presence.
I offer my sincere condolences
to you and your family, Mr. Hayase.
My name is Kaieda. I work as an attorney.
I am currently a legal consultant
for the GooSix Corporation.
I ran into your wife at times at the company.
Is that so?
I apologize, but I know very little
about my wife's work.
She was an outstanding member of the team.
It is truly a shame we lost her so suddenly.
Mr. Hayase, if I may ask.
Did your wife entrust you with anything?
No, she did not. Why?
Truth be told, your wife was to return
a rather important document to us.
I see.
She never informed me of such a thing.
If you happen to find anything,
could you please contact my firm?
I understand.
Thank you for heeding my request
despite your mourning.
Now if you'll excuse me.
Our intel was on the mark.
The culprit's Gido.
What brings you here, Ms. Ichika?
She was my predecessor.
The least I can do is offer a prayer.
You must be Takumi.
My name is Ichika Kogo.
I worked alongside your mother.
I also lost my parents when I was young.
Here's a lesson I learned back then.
No one comes to help someone looking down.
I'm sure you must be hurting,
but you have to face the future yourself.
You got this.
Why did you talk to him?
I wanted to help a mourning child.
Any respectable adult would do the same.
Is that Ichika I see?
Mourning garb certainly suits you, my dear.
Since Gido's going to kick the bucket,
how about jumping ship to me instead?
Just name your price.
100 million yen.
What a pricey beauty indeed.
[Dear customers,
we will be closing shop for a while]
How's Takumi?
He's still holed up in his room.
He hasn't come to terms with it yet.
Should I have let him see her after all?
No, absolutely not.
His mother ought to remain beautiful
in his heart.
I have to pull myself together.
I have to be the pillar for him.
It's fine. I'll get it.
My name is Mikami,
of the First Investigation Team.
May we search your abode for leads
regarding Mrs. Natsumi Hayase?
This was my wife's room.
We haven't moved much since she went missing.
May we borrow a couple of her items?
We will return them to you
as soon as possible.
Of course.
- Take her laptop.
- Yes, sir.
Laptop acquired.
We just need to grab her work files, right?
I believe so.
- Hey there.
- Hello.
[Hayase Patisserie]
Don't sneak up on me like that.
It's terrifying.
Isn't that Mr. Gido?
Who is that next to him?
Forget you ever saw them, for your own sake.
What? Why?
There are some things you're better off not knowing.
Excuse me, coming through.
Connections are crucial to business.
Especially lateral ones.
- Indeed.
- How do you feel about hierarchical relations?
Equally as crucial.
[Wataru Goroku]
- I'm thinking of this for our layout.
- Looks good.
- Looks wonderful.
- Thank you.
- I think this is great.
- You sure?
- What do you think, sir?
- Maybe change this one thing here.
Sorry I made you take a detour.
It's no problem.
Take a look at this.
These premium ingredients are the result
of building trust with my suppliers.
The same principle applies to any market.
Business is all about building trust.
And although trust is only built with time,
it can easily be lost in an instant.
Never to be regained again.
Do you understand what I'm getting at?
Yes, sir.
Hurry up and find it.
I'm counting on you.
What're you doing?
Takumi...
I'm making your mom's favorite,
a Hayase Shortcake.
Teach me.
I want to make a Hayase Shortcake, too.
Sure. But take off your cardigan first.
- Careful, don't spill.
- Alright.
Watch out.
- Looks good.
- Yeah.
Make sure you get the edges.
Or we can call it a unique design.
- You're good.
- Yeah?
Try copying me.
Looking good.
You got it.
Done.
Pretty good for your first try, champ.
That looks amazing, Taku!
- Right?
- Yes, it looks delicious.
Takumi made his very first Hayase Shortcake.
Give it a try.
Dad. I want to take over the family business.
What?
I want to keep Mom's favorite cake alive.
Natsumi.
I'll raise Takumi into a fine lad.
We'll be happy, for your sake.
Though we have confirmed
a withdrawal of money,
it is likely unrelated to this case.
[Investigation of the Mt. Okutama Murder]
Next, we would like to discuss
the contents of Natsumi Hayase's laptop.
Our tech team discovered...
this rather concerning text file.
Good afternoon, Inspector Gido.
Hey there, sir.
Come on, don't be so cold.
I'm no grim reaper.
Well, I'd rather not draw unneeded attention,
especially where folks are watching.
I only want to chat, that's all.
I heard you volunteered
to investigate this case yourself.
That, I did.
I wouldn't call this case
especially riveting.
What inspired you to take such quick action?
I'm only performing my duties as an officer.
What a model police officer you are.
I appreciate the compliment, sir.
Good day.
[Masachika Makita]
It almost seems like you all are accusing me.
We investigated the financial history
behind Hayase Patisserie.
Your store barely made profit,
and your wife's earnings
supported both the family and store, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
So you were jealous of your money-making wife.
No, never. What is this all about?
Did you know your wife kept a diary
on her laptop?
A diary?
She recounts your physical abuse
caused by this financial imbalance.
Pardon?
In her final entry, she even confessed
how you could very well "kill her".
W-Wait, I didn't -
You were on route to the scene of her murder
on March 14th, the day she was murdered.
I was taking a dessert-eating road trip.
Then you made a detour to bury the body.
I would never.
Now, now. Calm down, sir.
For now, please tell us all the stores
you visited that day.
We will also investigate your car,
and track your credit card usage.
Understood?
Yes, sir.
[Unidentified Number]
Hello?
This is Gido, from the investigation team.
- Good evening.
- We found blood on your car, Mr. Hayase.
- What?
- And forensics say it's Mrs. Natsumi's.
- Why?
- You're being filed with an arrest warrant.
This has to be a mistake. I'm innocent!
I know.
You're being framed.
- What?
- I'll make you a deal.
Work with me, and let's avenge Natsumi.
What are you talking about?
I'm saying we share an enemy here.
You know more about Natsumi's death?
Let's talk about the details in person.
Leave your house, now.
Where should I go?
Your place is already surrounded.
Escape out the second floor,
and only carry cash on you.
Hold on, I'm not following.
- I'll call you back later.
- What?
[Hayase Patisserie]
Good evening, ma'am.
We're here to arrest Riku Hayase.
- What?
- Excuse us.
- Please, wait.
- Sorry, ma'am.
What is going on?
Gido?
Gido? This is Hayase.
G-Gido!
Get a grip, Gido!
I'll call an ambulance right away.
Take that car and go to my apartment.
- I live in room 608.
- B-But!
Stay here, and you'll be framed
for my murder, too.
What?
There's an enemy within the police.
Sorry?
If they catch you, it's over.
Who's behind all this?
Just... grab the file at my place.
Gido? Gido!
Gido! Hey, Gido!
Gido?
N-No, I...
You must be Riku Hayase.
How did you...
[Riku Hayase, Wanted Man]
No, I'm innocent.
Gido told me to come here.
He said I was being framed.
I came looking for a file,
but his place was already like this.
What happened to Gido?
He had been stabbed.
He died?
I'll go to the police and confess everything.
You're being set up.
There's an enemy within the police.
If you turn yourself in, you'll be framed
for both your wife and Gido's deaths.
I'm sure they'll understand if I explain.
Don't you realize the danger you're in?
[GooSix Co. - Ichika Kogo]
This is where Natsumi worked.
You know my wife?
I've never met her,
but I do know what she was up to.
We were given the same task, after all.
Task?
To assist in money laundering.
[Goosix Co.]
Goroku runs an honest business upfront.
But on the flip side,
he controls the flow of dirty money.
Though he mainly handles
foreign online casino earnings,
he deals with tainted capital
from all walks of life.
To those involved in shady business,
he's known as the "Dark Banker".
My job is to manage all of those funds.
As was Natsumi's.
No, Natsumi would never.
If you don't believe me,
go see the truth for yourself.
But you face an influential opponent.
Turn yourself in,
and you'll be punished with death.
Death...
You'll be leaving your only child behind.
What should I...
You must reboot.
"Reboot"?
Change your face, and take on a new name.
That's impossible.
It's a method of survival
for those who live seedy lives.
I'll introduce you to a surgeon
who can transform you into him.
Into who?
Gido.
I can make it happen.
Hold on a second.
Gido was investigating
Goroku's business undercover.
Become Gido, and you'll have police intel,
and access to Goroku's circle.
I could never.
Well, you don't have a choice
if you want to survive.
Why would you go so far to help me?
Gido was my lover.
He was trying to get me
out of Goroku's clutches.
It's because I know how you feel.
They murdered my special someone, too.
So work with me to find the true culprit.
Hot.
Can't handle hot temps?
No.
So?
That was certainly Gido.
And you? Are you ready?
There's one thing I want to do before I go.
Taku, come on.
- Where are you going?
- I'm allowing my grandson to rest.
Neither of us have slept a wink.
Please, give us some time alone.
Have you managed to contact Gido?
No, sir.
What is he up to now?
[Crawfish Fishing]
- Where did you go?
- I'm sorry.
I didn't kill your mother, okay?
Of course you didn't.
Go tell the police you're innocent!
If I turn myself in now,
I won't ever see you again.
I have to go find the culprit myself.
Takumi, I'm sorry. But I have to go.
Go where?
I'm sorry, I can't tell you.
I know it'll be rough for you and Grandma.
But I promise I'll catch the culprit.
No, don't go!
I'm sorry, Takumi.
I'm coming with you.
Takumi.
Hold down the fort while I'm gone, okay?
I don't want to lose you too, Dad.
I'm sorry.
I promise I'll come back home to you.
The police are headed your way.
- Run!
- Ma'am, please give us back the phone!
He knows we're coming.
Surround him, now!
I love you.
I promise I'll come back.
Go, hurry!
Riku Hayase is headed west!
Dad! Run!
Run!
Run away!
So? Have you finally made up your mind?
I'll do anything.
If it means I see my family again, anything.
What are you doing?
I'm taking his fingerprint.
We might need it.
Sir, could I ask you for a favor?
What's up?
I'd like some time off, if possible.
Time off? Now why's that?
- Truth be told, I'm not feeling so well.
- I'll contact Gido's superior as "himself".
- What? Are you sick?
- Technology makes this a possible feat.
I was diagnosed with major depression, sir.
I'll schedule Gido for an extended leave,
under the guise of attending "therapy".
Much appreciated, sir.
First, we will need to contour your jawline.
We'll remove a part of your jawbone.
[Hitomi Kuwahara]
Next to consider would be your neck.
We will surgically change your vocal chords.
You'll need half a year to recover.
I will remotely report to Gido's superiors
as necessary.
In the meantime, you will need to study up
on Gido's life and interpersonal relations.
This individual is Gido's wife,
Mayu Gido.
No talking.
They've been living apart for years.
You won't be seeing her around.
Once your throat is ready,
start practicing Gido's speech patterns.
Gido here. Give me any updates on the deal.
Make sure to perfect his handwriting.
Especially how he writes his name.
You'll also need to train as an officer,
and learn how to use a firearm.
Acquiring a gun is easy for Goroku's people.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot - Day 1]
Perfect.
You may feel strange at first,
but you'll settle in in due time.
Then if you'll excuse me.
Here's your new phone.
You'll also need Gido's watch, and necklace.
Don't forget to remove your ring.
Thank you again.
[Hayase Patisserie]
Of course. I love the cream puffs here.
That makes me so happy to hear.
Are you feeling alright, ma'am?
Oh, I just fell from some stairs.
Otherwise, I've never felt better!
How was she?
Cream puffs are about all she can make.
But your son has been attending school.
Thank you for always checking up on them.
I've practically become a regular there.
- Here.
- Wasn't I on a diet?
I won't be controlling your life anymore.
But Gido doesn't have a sweet tooth,
so no indulging in public, alright?
How is it?
It tastes like earnest effort.
Pull yourself together, alright?
Gido was never the sentimental type.
Right, sorry.
You are now Ayumi Gido.
No matter what hardships come your way,
you must never drop your act.
Yes, ma'am.
Sorry, I was just surprised to see you smile.
Desserts help me forget
the bad things in life.
Once you take Gido's name,
his killer will surely come after you.
There's an enemy within the police.
Never let your guard down.
Did you gain weight, Chief Mikami?
Those cabaret clubs in Koenji
aren't doing you any favors.
Better already?
Thanks to the time off you gave me, sir.
Here's a little something
for you and the missus.
Never took you to be the considerate type.
This is the least I can offer
after being away for half a year.
Inspector Gido.
Teramoto, Adachi.
- Welcome back, sir.
- You've recovered already?
Wanna get beers and see for yourself?
Sir, I told you that sort of offer
is old school.
I wouldn't mind joining you,
so long as we're off the clock.
Fine. Tell me what leads I missed.
"Leads"?
Yeah... We were tailing Riku Hayase.
I'm still handling the case, right?
Sure.
- We'll fill you in over there.
- Great.
Wait.
Am I busted?
Remember, the lingerie club in Nakano
is our secret.
Make fun of me for the Koenji pub,
but that's all I'll let slide.
Yeah, yeah. Your secret's safe with me, boss.
To be honest, the case has remained stagnant
for the past six months.
Our best explanation is that Riku Hayase
was driven to suicide.
Now we're the only ones working on this case.
Sir, coffee?
- Thanks.
- I appreciate the lack of overtime though.
Was it too hot?
Nah. So what're our other leads?
Other leads?
Who else are we suspecting
aside from Riku Hayase?
Neither of you looked into it?
Sir, he was filed an arrest warrant.
We were ordered to...
Forget Riku Hayase for a second.
We gotta branch out.
But sir...
Look into Natsumi Hayase again.
I'm thinking we've got the wrong guy.
Why is that?
Why?
Call it... a detective's hunch.
I'll leave you two to it.
Was Inspector Gido one to talk
about a "detective's hunch"?
Maybe the break gave him an epiphany.
This is so hard.
Being an inspector is tough!
I haven't been busted yet, right?
God, I just want to make meringue.
I miss baking cakes. I miss piping cream.
At least I can investigate Natsumi's case.
This gives me a chance
to find the true culprit.
Inspector Gido!
Congratulations on your recovery.
Who is this?
He wasn't listed in my documents.
And you are?
Sorry, but half a year away
makes the brain fuzzy.
Well, I remember you well, Inspector Gido.
[General Inspector: Masachika Makita]
A General Inspector?
That's someone who investigates
corrupt officers, right?
Like the police of the police.
Relax, I'm not here to interrogate you.
Right.
You never returned home
in the time you were gone. Why's that?
I was recovering out in the countryside.
Fuyuhashi and his men were looking for you.
Fuyuhashi?
This is Kou Fuyuhashi,
a direct subordinate of Goroku.
He does all of Goroku's dirty work
from punishing traitors, to disposing bodies.
He knew about Fuyuhashi?
Then he must know about Gido
investigating Goroku undercover.
Is that so? I had no idea.
Then you'll admit you know Fuyuhashi?
I was going undercover.
I was bound to run into him.
Undercover investigations
aren't within your division's jurisdiction.
Does this mean you were using Fuyuhashi
as your S?
[S: Codeword for "informant"]
Something like that.
Were you not in hiding
because of trouble with Fuyuhashi's group?
"Trouble"?
You were selling him police intel,
were you not?
Now hold on.
Why would I ever do that?
I'm a fellow officer.
Right, you would never do such a thing.
Because that would be unthinkable,
for an officer.
Go on, have a sip.
Gido was under scrutiny
from the General Inspector?
His files didn't mention that.
So?
He was clearly flustered,
but nothing he said was a lie.
Welcome home.
Ichika. Gido got interrogated today.
We'll chat later. We have to head out, now.
- What?
- Goroku's orders. Come on.
- Now?
- Hurry.
Oh man...
Ayumi?
Ayumi!
Where have you been?
I've been looking for you!
I'm sorry, but we're in a rush.
Who is that?
She's a colleague.
Ayumi, if you ever need anything,
come talk to me.
I thought Gido never spoke to his wife.
I'll keep visiting until you'll talk.
- Drive.
- Yes, ma'am.
[Mayu Gido]
A number of bigwigs partake
in money laundering within the org.
And the one who holds the reigns,
is none other than Wataru Goroku.
Long time no see, Gido.
You too, Ichika.
I'm sure you must be fired up.
No disrespecting her, Mr. Kaieda.
Look at you two lovebirds go.
And here I almost had a chance with you gone.
No, you did not, sir.
She got you there.
Hello there, folks.
Evening, sir.
Kikuchi, here's something
for Kaede's birthday next week.
Thank you, sir. I'm honored.
And Tamana, your son. Yamato, was it?
- Yes, sir.
- He'll be entering middle school, right?
Here's a charm
to wish him luck in his studies.
- I appreciate your thoughtfulness, sir.
- Thank you.
Gido, it's an honor to have you back.
I'll make you your favorite, garlic rice.
Much appreciated, sir.
We were all worried about you, you know?
Though there's plenty I want to ask,
we have one matter to address first.
On April 7th, a total of 14.9 million yen
was withdrawn from two bank accounts.
Here's the difficult thing about our business.
We open multiple bank accounts
to keep the authorities off our tails.
But then, we also lose track of the money.
A small amount taken out
usually goes unnoticed.
Or so you think.
But our accountants catch everything.
Eat up while it's hot.
- Thank you, sir.
- Thank you.
Ando.
You should never waste great food, no?
Sir, I've never touched the money -
Fuyuhashi, eat his share.
He had leftovers.
Thank you, sir.
I see you still have awful table manners.
You should really fix that while you can.
The food's good, sir.
Glad to hear it. Now eat up.
Excuse me. The restroom calls.
I can't keep up with this.
I can't give up.
I have to find the culprit.
You promised Takumi you'd come home.
Hayase's are known for being tenacious.
Now then, let's get down to business.
The missing 1 billion yen remains at large, sir.
You managed to track the whereabouts
of millions of yen.
So how does a billion yen
slip right under your nose?
Managing assets in a bank
are of no difficulty for me.
But there are limits to what I can track
when it comes to cold, hard cash.
Gido, I had you looking into this,
when you suddenly disappeared on us.
Honestly, I suspected you first.
We were searching everywhere for you.
And now you've come crawling back to us.
It can't be. Did she trick me?
Eat up while it's hot.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, sir.
You should never waste great food, no?
Sir, there has to be a mistake.
I never stole -
Looks like I'll get another shot after all!
Thank you.
Nice work, Dad.
Just don't tell your grandma.
I'm sorry.
I promise I'll come back home to you.